This is the Birch Creek, a super rare
mob that spawns when a player hasn't
slept in at least 100 days and places a
creaking heart in a birch forest. The
only issue with this mob is that I
completely made it up for April Fool's
Day. But so many people wanted to see
this added to the game that I made a
data pack to change any creaking spawn
in a birch forest to get the cool
texture I made. Since it's a client side
data pack, it even works on servers. But
there were even more commenters who
wanted to see more types of logs added.
I started texturing a few of them, but
then I was like, "Hold on, someone's
probably done this already." And sure
enough, I found a mod, and it's way
cooler than I even imagined. It's called
Grafted Creaking by dialing spoon 527.
And not only does it have all the wood
types and a really cool mushroom variant
to live amongst the giant shrooms, but
it even allows you to mix and match by
placing different logs above and below
the creaking heart. You can spawn in
some crazy variations. And each creaking
has unique abilities. Like the bamboo
one multiplies when attacked, and the
mangrove one can walk on water. The
mushroom one actually attacks hostile
mobs, which makes so much sense because
hostile mobs can't spawn in mushroom
island biomes. I'd love to see someone
out there use the mushroom creaking to
design an insane hostile mob farm in
survival.